(Ai)
Previously
on Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS...
(gasps)
Was that island there before?
Better go check it out!
Mmm.
Hi there, Soulburner!
Roboppi,
what're you doing
on this tiny little island?
This is my kingdom
an' I'm the ruler!
No trespassers
allowed,
so go away,
Soulburner!
I'm not leaving, Roboppi,
not until you tell me
where Ai is hiding out, got it?
If you beat me,
I'll tell you exactly where
you can find my Master.
You're on.
(Both)
Let's duel!
(Kolter)
Playmaker!
Soulburner found Roboppi.
I'm sending you
the coordinates now.
(Ai)
So Roboppi's facing
that hothead Burnsie.
This should be fun.
(Roboppi)
I Link Summon!
Link 2 APPLIANCER CELTOPUS!
Link 1 APPLIANCER PROPELION!
The devourer of dust!
APPLIANCER VACCULEPHANT!
(Soulburner)
Man...
He already summoned
three monsters
on his very first turn?
I may not rule the universe yet,
but so far,
I'm rulin' this duel!
(laughs)
♪♪♪
C'mon...
You'd better get your going
going, Playmaker.
Soulburner's duel
against Roboppi
has already started.
Huh?
Roboppi.
Well hello there,
Playmaker!
It is awfully good
to see ya!
But it'll also be good
to see ya leave.
See, this is my kingdom.
And like my Master says,
no meatbags are allowed here!
Not without a passport or visa.
Where's Ai, Soulburner?
If I win, he'll spill the beans.
That's the info we're
dueling for, Playmaker.
Yep, but that's
a big 'if'.
See,
you're up against the future
ruler of the whole galaxy!
And my Master says I have
more brains than a dinosaur!
And dinosaurs are big!
Meaning I have big brains!
Hard to believe
what you've become.
It's true,
I was just like every other
brainless robot
'til my Master dueled Bohman.
Then my brain reset
and went into overdrive!
That's when Ai's back up
triggered inside you no doubt.
Master swore
he'd improve my AI...
And boy did he ever!!
And boy does it feel great!
Man...
Gotta admit I'm kinda jealous.
If there was a switch
to make me smarter,
I'd flip it,
maybe then I'd pass math--
Wait, I didn't pass math cuz
I never showed up to class.
Point is,
since you're smart now,
you gotta know hurting
people isn't right.
That's why we want to find Ai,
so we can talk with him
and work things out.
Yeah...
I might've believed you...
Back when I was a bot...
But now that I'm all grown up,
you can't trick me
and do ya wanna know why?
Becuase my noggin' knows
that you're trying to trick me.
(Soulburner)
Uh no, I'm not.
That's what
tricksters say
when they're trying
to trick you!
You want to know
where Ai is
so you can do bad stuff to him,
and I won't let ya!
Even if you weren't lying,
how can we work together
when I'm ruling
the whole universe!
Cuz I'll be ruling it
all by myself, ya know.
That's right, absolute power!
Okay, maybe I'll give you
a teensy piece of the pie
and let ya run Earth.
I think that sounded
like an insult.
Nah, insults aren't
my thing so you're good!
And the truth is,
you should be happy!
I'm letting you be a ruler
when you're not
even smart enough
to use a ruler.
Okay, hold on,
this time around...
That didn't sound
like an insult.
That was
an insult.
Listen Roboppi,
I think there's
something wrong with you.
The Roboppi that I know is kind
and would never insult anyone.
I think that the sudden
spike in your intelligence
has overwhelmed
your systems
and now you're
having trouble
processing all these
new feelings.
Instead
of dueling,
please let us
help you.
Let's talk things out instead
of fighting things out.
C'mon, Playmaker, really?
You're trying
to trick me now too?
I thought you were
better than that.
Bet ya wouldn't
want to talk it out
if your side
was winning.
You're only saying
all of this stuff
because you're
losing.
That's not true.
Playmaker, there's
what we want
and what we get.
And it sure feels
like we're getting a duel.
So let's duel
with all we've got!
Good luck with that!
R-O-B-O-P-P-I!
Beat those meatbags.
Make them cry!
It's my turn!
I draw!
Time to take you down.
Here goes... my draw!
I'll start by summoning
SALAMANGREAT GAZELLE!
I use its ability to send
my SPINNY to the graveyard.
And doing so activates
SPINNY's ability.
When there's
a SALAMANGREAT on my field,
I can resurrect it
from my graveyard.
And with these two monsters
I will now build
the Overlay Network!
Watch this, Roboppi!
This wild steed blazes
through the tundra
to torch every illusion!
I Xyz Summon!
Rank 3 SALAMANGREAT
MIRAGESTALLIO!
Now, I'll use its ability!
By using one of its
Overlay Units,
MIRAGESTALLIO summons
a SALAMANGREAT monster
from my deck in defense mode!
So here's SALAMANGREAT
JACK JAGUAR!
And now I'll use them...
To Link Summon!
Link 2 SALAMANGREAT
SUNLIGHT WOLF!
Since I used
SALAMANGREAT MIRAGESTALLIO
to Link Summon my SUNLIGHT WOLF,
its special ability activates,
which ends up sending
one monster back
to its owner's hand.
So your PROPELION's turnin' tail
and going home!
That so isn't gonna happen.
Because I'm activating
my spell APPLIANCER COATING!
It protects my APPLIANCER
from your special ability!
And I also get to draw a card.
You've stopped Plan A,
but there's plenty more letters
in the alphabet Roboppi!
By returning MIRAGESTALLIO
to my Extra Deck,
I can resurrect JACK JAGUAR!
And this summon triggers
SUNLIGHT WOLF's ability!
When a monster is summoned
next to its link,
I retrieve GAZELLE
from my graveyard!
Yeah, I guess that's
pretty okay for a Plan B
but nothing too scary.
So let's try Plan C then.
Go!
I Link Summon!
Rise, Link 1
SALAMANGREAT BALELYNX!
Due to BALELYNX's ability,
I get to draw SALAMANGREAT
SANCTUARY from my deck!
But I'm not done!
I'm firing up
my circuit a third time!
The summoning conditions require
at least two Fire Effect
Monsters!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
And I'll use HEATLIO'S ability
to send one of your spell
or trap cards back to your deck!
Resounding Roar!
Whaaaat?
I'd appreciate it if you'd
stop messing with my cards!
Next, I activate
SALAMANGREAT SANCTUARY!
This Field Spell lets me use
a SALAMANGREAT Link Monster
to summon another copy
of that exact same monster!
Hey, I know this move.
It's the one that's
been seriously scorchin'
duelists left and right!
Now rise again
from the valley of flames
to scorch the land
in a raging inferno!
I Reincarnation Link Summon!
SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
I don't like this
Plan C one bit.
PROPELION vs HEATLEO?
This is unreal.
A fight between
their two top monsters!
But only one can be tiptop,
who will it be?!
(Soulburner)
Which monster should I fight?
Your CELTOPUS
is a tempting target
cuz it has 0 attack points,
but I know
that I can't attack it
when it's linked
to another monster.
So that's out of the picture,
not that it was ever
in the picture to start with.
Cuz I think it'll be
more fun to see
which of our top monsters
stays at the top!
When HEATLEO is reincarnated,
it can change
your monster's attack points
to become the same
as one that's in my graveyard!
BALELYNX has 500 attack points,
so now, so will your PROPELION!
Flame Possession!
(grunts)
Ya know, all you're
doing is being annoying!
Your HEATLEO may have
2300 attack points,
but when my PROPELION battles,
it gains 1000 attack points
for every monster that CELTOPUS
is co-linked with!
Meaning my PROPELION
gains 2000 attack points,
powering it up
to a total of 2500.
Which is still more
than your HEATLEO's!
It may have more points for now.
But that'll change when
I equip SALAMANGREAT CLAW
and SALAMANGREAT FANG
on to HEATLEO!
SALAMANGREAT FANG gives
HEATLEO 300 attack points
for every Link Arrow
that's on my field.
Since I have three,
HEATLEO gains 900 attack points!
(grunts)
And SALAMANGREAT CLAW's effect
allows HEATLEO to attack
your monsters three times!
(grunts)
Ha.
Now Roboppi...
Let's fight!
HEATLEO!
Attack PROPELION!
I tricked you into attacking
my monster, Soulburner!
Sure, I told you
about CELTOPUS's ability
that powers up
my PROPELION to 2500.
But what I didn't tell you about
is PROPELION's ability!
With it, once per turn,
PROPELION cuts your monsters
attack points in half,
making your monster
weaker than mine!
But when HEATLEO is equipped
with SALAMANGREAT CLAW,
then it cannot be
destroyed in battle!
And now that
the battle is over with
HEATLEO's attack points
return to normal.
CELTOPUS ability
is over for now too,
so PROPELION's attack points
drop back to 500.
(grunts)
HEATLEO, attack PROPELION
for a second time!
Blazing Blast!
CELTOPUS energizes
PROPELION back up to 2500!
Octo Charge!
Go right ahead
but this time PROPELION
can't use its ability
to weaken HEATLEO!
(sighs)
Roboppi's feline is now offline.
Your monster isn't
the only thing
you're gonna lose, Roboppi!
You're losing life points too!
When my HEATLEO destroys
your monster in battle,
SALAMANGREAT FANG
deals you damage
equal to half your monster's
original attack points!
(grunts)
HEATLEO has one attack left!
Take out VACCULEPHANT!
Blazing Blast!
(grunts)
CELTOPUS's ability
gives VACCULEPHANT
1000 attack points to lessen
the damage that I take!
SALAMANGREAT FANG once again
deals you damage
equal to half of VACCULEPHANT's
original attack points!
(screams)
This duel started out rough,
but Souburner turned things
around quicker than quick.
With that attack, I end my turn.
You okay?
Course I'm okay.
I just let my guard
down a lil' is all.
Look Roboppi,
you know we don't
want to fight you.
We just want
to know where Ai is.
That's all.
Just tell us.
You really think
I'll just tell you
and betray my Master like that?
How about I do the opposite?
Defeat his enemy
and make him proud
of me instead?
C'mon, I'm not your enemy.
Do you remember
when we first met?
I asked if you were going
to be my new best friend
and, well, you squeed
so I thought you were!
I used to think
you were my friend too
until you showed me
that you weren't!
That you didn't
really care about AIs!
It's your fault
my Master's mad ya know!
It's my fault?
How is it my fault?
Because...
You were supposed
to protect Flame.
He was your partner,
he was your friend!
But you didn't protect him,
you let Bohman absorb him!
And then it was too late
to separate them.
So all my Master could do
was watch as Flame got erased.
And he tries to hide it
but I can tell
it tears him apart!
(gasps)
But none of this
would've happened...
had you been a good friend
and protected your partner!
Roboppi,
I wish we could
change the past.
But we can't,
so the only thing we can
do is move forward,
and hope to not repeat
those same tragedies.
That's just more talk
to try to trick me.
Everything that you say...
is a trick trick trick!
C'mon, man!
We are not trying to trick you!
Roboppi's brain
received a boost,
but his emotional programming
definitely didn't.
This seems to have
resulted in a glitch
where Roboppi thinks no one
but Ai can be trusted.
There's only one way
to stop you from tricking me!
Beat you!
My turn, Soulburner...
to take you down!
I draw!
I summon APPLIANCER SOCKETROLL!
And I'll use it
to Plug in my circuit!
I Link Summon
Link 1 APPLIANCER KAPPA SCALE!
And next up, I'm gonna activate
my Field Spell's effect!
APPLIANCER ELECTRILYRICAL WORLD!
It lets me take SOCKETROLL
from my graveyard
and add it to my hand!
Next, I can tribute KAPPA SCALE
to activate its ability
and revive one APPLIANCER
Link Monster
from my graveyard!
PROPELION!
Come on back!
And I'll use it
to Link Summon once again!
Time to clean you up!
Link 1 APPLIANCER
LAUNDRY DRAGON!
That's the monster
that you used to defeat
both The Shepherd
and Ghost Gal.
Yep, that's right,
and now it's time
to run another load
and take out a load
of your life points, Soulburner!
Here I go!
LAUNDRY DRAGON,
attack SALAMANGREAT HEATLEO!
But your LAUNDRY DRAGON
is weaker than my HEATLEO.
I know you're not
silly enough to attack
without another trick
up your sleeve.
Yup, you're right.
CELTOPUS charges up
my DRAGON's attack points!
But it's still not strong
enough for you to win.
But that little fact
is about to change!
When LAUNDRY DRAGON
is co-linked,
its special ability activates!
First, we both don't take
any damage from this battle.
And second, after the battle,
both our monsters are banished!
That means I'm gonna
lose my HEATLEO!
(grunts)
Next I play
the spell APPLIANCER RECYCLING!
When one of your monsters
leaves the field,
APPLIANCER RECYCLING
lets me banish
one monster from my graveyard
and one monster
from your graveyard.
So I banish APPLIANCER
KAPPA SCALE from my graveyard!
And then banish
SALAMANGREAT BALELYNX
from your graveyard!
But in exchange,
I get to revive one APPLIANCER
and summon it to my field,
while you get to revive
one of your banished
Link Monsters
and summon it to your field.
And neither monster can be
destroyed in battle this turn!
So then, which monster
are you bringing back?
My trusty HEATLEO, that's who.
And I'm bringing back
my LAUNDRY DRAGON!
LAUNDRY DRAGON!
Hang HEATLEO out to dry!
And when my DRAGON's
not co-linked,
it has a different ability!
Neither of us takes
any battle damage,
but your monster's
automatically destroyed!
And then you take damage equal
to that monster's attack points!
Meanin' I'm getting'
rid of 2300 life points!
And due to APPLIANCER
RECYCLING's effect,
my LAUNDRY DRAGON...
can't be destroyed in battle!
(grunts)
(Playmaker)
Soulburner could've used
BALELYNX to negate that ability,
if he had that monster
in his graveyard.
But Roboppi banished it
so that he wouldn't.
That's a top level technique.
This duel isn't over yet!
I activate SALAMANGREAT
LEMMING's special ability!
By discarding it from my hand,
I get to summon
SALAMANGREAT GAZELLE!
Then due to GAZELLE's ability,
I send one SALAMANGREAT
in my deck to the graveyard.
If ya think that's gonna
change things, it won't.
I activate APPLIANCER REDUCTION!
It banishes the GAZELLE
you just summoned
so it can ante-lope
on out of here!
No!
(Roboppi)
Then I get to draw a card
for every different type
of APPLIANCER Link Monster
that's on my field.
I'll go ahead and place
these two cards facedown
and end my turn.
The same robot
that cleaned our clocks
is now cleaning his!
You're up, Soulburner!
Meaning it's your turn,
not that you're up
in life points or anything!
(grunts)
Pathetic meatbags,
they never stood a chance.
♪♪♪